Contributors in parser codemeta and codemeta export. Type agent in authors. Test. Fixes #936 (#944)
KnowledgeCaptureAndDiscovery/somef: docs/output.md

- `contact`: Contact person responsible for maintaining a software component.
- `continuous_integration`: Link to continuous integration service, supported on GitHub as well as in GitLab.
- `contributing guidelines`: Guidelines indicating how to contribute to a software component.

> - `contributors`: Contributors to a software component. Note: Due to the potentially large number of contributors, information is extracted directly from the repository file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `contributors`: Contributors to a software component. Note: Contributor metadata is exported from metadata files (e.g., CodeMeta, CONTRIBUTORS, etc.) not from git logs.
```
